  **I used to be an introverted person. I liked to stick with my circle in my comfort zone and rarely socialize. For me, group work was tough, frustrating, and time-consuming. Moreover,** communicating with people always makes me tired and annoying.

However, things began to change this year. I organized a volunteer group that supports autistic children from a certain school in March 2023. During this process, I learned how to become a leader and spend time communicating with different people.

The first step of organizing a group was to get permission from the school. I was very nervous and anxious at the beginning. I talked to the school principal, and then to the teachers about my plan. Luckily, they liked the idea and encouraged me to do what I wanted. After then, I had two speeches related to autism in the school and advertised the volunteer activity. Though I was nervous at first, it seemed like the speech was quite effective after all. People soon began to sign up for attendance and asked me for details about the special education school, and some even wanted to donate.

As time passed, I began to observe this group of volunteers and did a small interview, which was enjoyable. They presented different perspectives regarding the autistic children. Some attended the group due to sympathy, some enjoyed playing with children, and others simply wanted the volunteer credit. However, they were all honest and sincere, and most of all, they did great work at helping those children. Eventually, through conversations and daily work, I became friends with these interesting and kind-hearted people. It seemed like group work was not so frustrating after all.

Through this experience, I became better at communicating and socializing with other people. I learned how to become a leader, and adapted to the heavy workload. These kind and gentle friends made me enjoy group work and see the possibilities of diverse perspectives. Unlike before, I began to feel curious about the people around me. I began to wonder if they also have a soft soul like my dear friends. I believe in the future, there will be more chances for me to meet more people, and together, we could do great things.