I organized and led a volunteer group that helps children with autism and special needs.

I started serving as a volunteer at a special education school in the winter holiday of January 2023. The first time being in touch with autistic children, I was shocked. Most of them are nonverbal, sensitive, and aggressive. They could easily hurt themselves and the people around them. Something inside me began to grow, but I did not know what it was back then.

When the holiday was over, I began planning to organize a volunteer team in my school. Being encouraged by my parents, I had two speeches and posted lots of posters on the wall. The affections were good, people began to sign up for attendance immediately. It was a good start. I began to lead the team for volunteer service once or twice a week. In this process, I met many interesting friends who were kind and gentle. I enjoyed observing their emotions. Some run into tears when they see how hard life is for these indifferent children, and some just enjoy playing with kids, as if they were the same age. I interviewed some of the team members and filmed them in videos.

It was then that I began to realize the meaning of doing all this. Fate is sometimes coincidental, almost magical. When serving in the school, I met a little girl who has developmental retardation. Her name was Sunny, just like mine. She could speak simple sentences, but could not express them as a whole. She has difficulties remembering people’s faces and names. She forgets things almost immediately. But she has the sweetest smile on earth. I enjoyed spending time with her so much. I also tried ways to make her remember my name, remember me. The process continued for several weeks. And finally, one day, she remembered me. Not exaggerating, I almost cried when she recognized me and called my name. It was the first time I realized what an honor I have to be remembered by another person. It was a two-way redemption.

Till now, I still don’t find the process of serving as a volunteer enjoying. It is a tough and boring job. I would be lying if I said I enjoyed the process of serving overall. But encountering Sunny, and being helpful to children like her, made me feel happier than ever. I did not know the reason for serving as a volunteer when I began, but now I think I do. It is love that keeps the whole thing running. Being remembered by someone; being needed by someone; being relied on and trusted by someone; being loved and loving someone. I think that is what makes me and all my friends keep working. And I think that is the core of helping others. The process is a both-sided salvation.